All right, let's see here, all right, this is just some warm-up music get you guys nice
and warm you warm yet all right let's get this started then finally right ladies and
gentlemen boys and girls Harmontown is now in session please help me in welcoming your
mayor to the Harmontown stage Dan Harmon thank you this is the right mic to be using all
right welcome to our XOXO in Portland which is a festival about technological innovation
we are into our third technological innovation I don't know which mic I'm supposed to
be on it I don't know I don't know what happened I don't think anyone cares we're
gonna we're innovating yeah matter two mics up here there's warehouses full of homemade
video games by a bunch of hippies and anarchists it's about independent thought and not having
that be automatically synonymous with growing your own basil you can also you can also have
a computer involved and think independently which I think is a very important thing you
can automate your basil garden by a laptop now you now you're making me miss Minecraft
I Spencer and I are both into a headlong into a Minecraft addiction that I don't think either
of us has acknowledged is like an actual movie of the week heroin type of addiction it's
really like I've done a lot of things obsessively and compulsively in my life but Minecraft
Jesus Christ it's like masturbating with heroin or something like coding your hand in heroin
that's how you do it right rubbing it on your penis yeah and like but the your penis
is a special heroin penis that has heroin receptacles on it well it's like well my hand
is made of syringes you see I was thinking about that but then that's that turns you
off well it turns me on maybe they're like they're syringes but the needles are like
those rubber like kind of like dog toy little sea anemone things they just make it grip
and I was trying to get away from the Freddy Krueger I mean I thought that was more pleasant
than whatever you were just describing to be honest well yeah any description of anything
pointy going near your penis if it's on me for going deep anyways hello Portland we are
good to meet you yeah this is my second time at XOXO different stage I wasn't here last
year I was busy probably being fired or something but I love Portland and I love XOXO I think
XOXO might be the first time I was at Portland it was the first one two years ago and now
it's exploded as we hoped it might and you know we're here in a I think you would call
it a steel mill I don't know technically what it is does anyone know what this building
was used for a metal stamping factory factory is the word but it's a big it's a big grown-up
building it's a building for pre-industrial pre-war real things got done yeah we're our
dad's we're our mythical ghosts of our dad's works there's boots in the back there's there's
shelves that were that are only there to hold stuff with no no no no no thought lent to
aesthetic therefore now it's hip it's we have a blue collar chic we're in a vast canyon
I if anyone here is over 40 you're you're in this place and maybe you have all kinds
of different connotations but all I can think about is Jennifer Beals I'm gonna have to
explain that to me well yeah you're 20 you're 12 years old what are you I'm 13 in December
13 and life you got it's 13 and life you go you'll crime is time and you just got your
baby teeth out there's there was a movie called flash dance and I actually have haven't seen
it but most people my age saw it because it was like in the water like fluoride like we
all know that there was a movie called flash dance if you're over if you're my age then
you know there was this movie called flash dance and you know that in that movie a woman
is a dancer and a welder and you know that she dances and then pulls a chain and then
water pulls down full splashes down her and you know there's a steel mill involved you
know that roughly the same things about footloose does she weld wild dancing the steel mill
became big in the 80s it was like a big it was a place you went to dance at the steel
mill until Robo cop finally put a quirk in that said no this is a place you go to fucking
learn to be a robot again I gotta reach recalibrate my baby food shooters how are your baby food
shooters by the way why is that a euphemism yeah for your for your heroin dick with its
dog toys spines it's you know full of holes but good ones in a good way heroin all their
track marks really they got oculus riffs here they got I didn't go to the arcade yet they
got a they got an independent arcade here they make independent games which are always
so awesome because it's like back to the basics do they take quarters no not like that that's
the bad part even more indie than quarters yeah they're almost indy of all change you
know as we as we progress as a society we find new ways to make computers think more
things faster and all too often we then funnel that all into graphics cards and go like how
can I keep this you know okay the fan can cool off this much processor this for this
amount of time so how how many how many angles how many triangles can we generate talking
about minecraft again well I'm indirectly I am yes because I think the other way is
to go like okay no computers can do more now so let's like actually if it looks like pac-man
you can have pac-man do more shit like he could eat way more than a key we thought that was
the most pac-man could ever eat was a key I never got past cherries if I'm honest yeah
you got to get to the key bro cheese I don't know what were you level is the key on it's
like the maximum level you can't eat anything past a key and it makes sense why would you
that's words to live by right there you can't eat a key all right so here we are in Portland
where my fiancee and I keep thinking we want to move to and I keep I imagine that there
was a okay there was you know there was you heard that a couple of people are into the
idea exactly there there's I think there's a lot of people probably going don't move
to Portland you fucking asshole not because not because of me but just because everyone
stopped moving to Portland maybe I don't know how you guys feel about that do you want everyone
to move to Portland some people do that's only some though I mean maybe they're new
to Portland they're in the back because they just got here everyone else hates us good
time yeah I don't know I was I'm also fascinated with the the overcast weather thing because
I love it people in Portland are so apologetic for it and people from LA they go no you don't
understand I don't care I hate the sun the sun is is it you you want to kick it in the
sun balls yeah I said that earlier on this fucking I came to Portland I was looking forward
to hiding from this fucking yellow maniac this this fucking orange Hitler this this
this spherical fucking Ayatollah like lording over everything demanding everything of you
reflecting everything I think in Portland I think I feel like their sidewalks are more
reflective because they miss the sun so much that they're like it'll be here one day and
when it's here there'll be a parade but like you come from LA and you're like why are you
trying to simulate the fucking godless desert that I came here from I just I want the gray
skies and the shade and the the the dark boozy cloisters the independent video games the
yogurt is you know there's no you guys they're not they don't they don't like yogurt here
I might I might have got a mixed up with Seattle I don't know home of the yogurt someone told
me backstage that they like yogurt here's here's one guy here likes yogurt here's something
else a guy told me backstage this is a little weird and I don't want this guy to kill himself
and be telling the story but we admire him I want this guy is fine he should not be ashamed
of himself but he should also understand that as I think he understood when he did this
that this is that he is the first person that has ever done this and I thought it was notable
I was I was in the back hunched over a cooler getting my contractually required bottle of
kettle one out of a few bags of ice and there's five people run back there and it's goodbye
evening the but I was I was pouring a drink and this guy came back and he I'll do an impression
of him and I please sir wherever you are don't feel bad about yourself but I have to share
this it's just interesting you did this to me I get to do it to everyone I get to turn
it into something you're part of something a guy he came up and he said Dan Harmon and
I said yes and he said look I he kind of he said something very quickly along the lines
of like you know my friends told me not to do this and I thought maybe I should do it
but here we go and he was like oh my god this is how John Lennon died but he pulled out
a phone and I was like oh he wants a picture I'm a very handsome person I approve of this
but then he opened the phone and then he just opened it up and he went like I'm gonna make
I'm gonna make this up because I think this kind of person like values the intellectual
property he was reading so I'll make a new thing up but he's like Alan Alda plays a
Midwestern man who's transported to a different dimension of a single and he just rattled
off he just he just he just read a pitch off of his phone he just read it off of his phone
that's so much guts though I could never do anything close to that why because of your
conscience yeah yeah what what horrible wall is between you and that brave act
empathy I mean empathy is what it is not a wall it is an invitation empathy it's not
a wall it's not a wall that keeps you from being a sociopath it's not like video games
where there's a thing you can't do so you just fucking try to do it the walls in society
are there sometimes because very brave though very brave very bright murder arguably right
no one denies that murderous other brave people throughout society Hitler Abe Lincoln Hitler
John Wayne Gacy Jeffrey Dahmer Taylor Swift Taylor Swift Kanye West Kanye West running
up and saying Taylor Swift give me that microphone fuck you it was brave and yes bravery is a
moral descriptor agreed it has nothing to do with good or bad there are brave Ted Bundy's
there are brave George Washington's there are brave Japanese senators there are brave
Ku Klux Klan dragons it is brave to fuck with people it's terrible but brave it's an interesting
I meet some brave people so did John Lennon John Lennon went out meeting one of the bravest
people he will ever meet so forgive me for not putting a high value on bravery I'm not
putting a high value in my old age notable as I travel the country I start to put something
like you know tacked higher than bravery that's me that's my self interest I'm like oh that's
a tactful man I appreciate him more maybe I'll conflagrate them and then go like you
know what it's brave to be that tactful tax is brave no it's not tax can be brave and
a tactless very cowardly I think I mean not that I'm very taxful and I'm very I'm a huge
coward I don't know how I don't know how brave tact is how cowardly I mean that's that's
like I that's a huge question I am a I am a I am a I don't I don't think I have a right
to say this about myself but I just as a just as a shortcut a autistic type and a lot of
my fans are like dramatic as pergatastic and I and I love them and you yourself I you Spencer
is my dungeon master chauffeur and personal assistant and he picks me up in the morning
and I get into your Subaru and I I some we can drive for a half hour and not talk to
each other yeah sometimes you play your podcast of those guys that play those Nintendo songs
and then argue about what genre they are and stuff and this yeah we just I'm just listening
to 16-bit music from Spencer's youth it's like and and and then sometimes we'll listen
to a podcast about you know how they're made or dolphins and sometimes we'll talk about
Minecraft but we don't have to do anything I don't have to look at you we don't look
at each other we'll never get mad at each other you'll never like slam a door and I'll
be like baby what's up I just you know it's been a long time since you said you appreciated
me that is a luxury we have as Vulcans then there's this handicaps when we deal with other
people they go like sometimes they slam doors and we go what's going on I don't understand
well it's been a long time since you said you appreciated me well I don't know what
the fuck you're talking about also just close the door and be mad yes can't you just stop
feeling things yeah isn't it on you the thing that's making you cry unplug it why is this
solution to make me fucking more that when I'm still able to saw wood while ignoring
your feelings what if aliens attack and they go quick get them they're all crying you'll
be the only survivor damn well they will turn to us and they will go Asperger people help
us there are worm men from the moon attacking us and we'll laugh at them yes well we'll
perish yes and then they'll go yeah you're laughing you're human and I will die the anyways
what was my point I was saying like I'm used to these interactions and I value them I like
I like people who can't make eye contact with me I like I like people who want to have honest
conversations and sincere ones and get down to the nitty gritty but there's also there's
a there's a cowardly version of tactlessness there's the I don't make small talk version
and then there's the actually I do I am gonna say what's easy I am gonna just like barf
up some weird shit because I think that it's like some kind of weird strategic way to put
you off kilter and you know make you vulnerable and you can see that technique being implied
and you're like what are you trying to do why are you so you think that saying hello
I I like you is like something weak people do so you're gonna say you're gonna insult
me or you know put me off and I'm gonna like hang a you know a Star Wars metal around your
neck and go like you're the first person that ever like barfed shit on me and an elevator
that's what those people aren't right like that happens a lot to people who like you
like people are like I'm sure everyone does this so I'm gonna but then all of those people
are doing that exact same thing I yes I mean but but I would I would put a big asterisk
on that and say that anyone that that it likes me is better than other people like I buy
in large like because by the time you make it over those walls see that's like you are
a marine you are a better person so even my worst fan I think would beat you know Kevin
Smith's best fan in a in a fan off I don't know just in a general like I feel like and
that please I hope that gauntlet doesn't get too thrown down that's the last thing I need
well weird because you know use if someone likes me I'm a self-hating individual someone
likes me I instantly hate them like I just I don't trust them it's like why they need
to earn your trust if they like you you they need to earn your trust well because it's
like you I mean what do you what are you looking at I mean it's a big fat guy right do I have
gold in my ear or something I don't like what do you do I have gold in my ear I usually
do that's the thing you usually do yeah I mean it's a big problem in my life people are
always trying to get out the gold in my ear and it's they're gold diggers guest Comptroller
Spencer Crittenden everybody just how many there's no right or wrong answer to how many
people are I know you're all you'll registered with XOXO so you could be in this room but
how many of you in addition to that are fans of Harmontown the podcast hey not that many
actually all right well we should really be more on our game than we have been the last
half hour I apologize I thought I was the most of these people like when's he gonna talk
about Pascal programming I'm sorry I'm not going to when's he gonna talk about any kind
of innovation in any sort of medium I want to I want to I want to meet somebody from
Portland I don't know if there's any of those people here but I think we have to be more
specific than that we have we want to reward usually at Harmontown what we do is we bring
up people who have traveled the farthest but that would be kind of pointless here because
we've traveled so I want to meet a Portland person and but how do you pick the right Portland
person to talk to no sorry what whoever's closest to this geographic point we invert
the whole thing okay who lives the closest to this abandoned steel mill we have so we
have some hands here but I'm gonna vet you I have no way of proving it but what's your
name 70 I live 18th and Morrison so I'm about 10 blocks away 18th and Morrison 10 blocks
away I got 10 blocks away 10 blocks away I got 10 blocks 18th and Morrison pink hair pink
hair late in the pink hair how close do you live six and cooch six and cooch I got six
and cooch here sounds disgusting but also intimately close six and cooch you got six
and cooch here anybody closer than six and cooch I got a friend with blue hair pointing
at a just randomly oh pointing pointing pointing okay all right coming over there coming over
there six and cooch six and cooch sounds closer than 18th Morrison for no reason for all I
know we're on 17th and more a cooch all right all right purple hair where do you live 13th
and salmon 13th and salmon all right I'll take your word for it sounds familiar I think
of the word salmon I think we're on salmon or something yeah all right what's your name
young lady McKenna are you are you willing to come up and talk to us we don't we don't
pick on people it's not like a I'm not like Jim Norton or also I already forgot your name
because I get nervous McKenna McKenna that's your first name okay kind of weird most people
use it as their last name it's fine give a round of applause to McKenna everybody you
can take that mic and have a seat are you are you allowed to drink yeah do you want to
drink I'm not drinking up right now are you you're 21 yeah okay do you want to do you
want to vodka that's all we have that that would be amazing we have a basin of molten
steel in the back too okay I can make you iron pants hey Elizabeth can you make McKenna
a drink Elizabeth is our drink maker for the evening thank you she also happens to be dating
our producer Dustin Marshall but I swear to God you can get this job just by working hard
it's not is an egalitarian meritocracy yeah at Harmontown there's absolutely no reason
why you couldn't absolutely replace her no foam head on that if you talk to her after
the show you know it within your conversation feel her out for weaknesses see if you can
see if you can figure out a way to get in there this is my ultimate weakness happening
at the moment what is it being in front of a ton of people yeah I hate it too yeah okay
yeah well you'll get used to it it's it doesn't you have to just like I don't know picture
them in your underwear okay and then they're like uncomfortable because they're like these
haven't been washed and well that's mean she probably washes her underwear come on oh yeah
picture them in my underwear yeah so McKenna it's gotta take me a while to get used to
that one of your best friends is called McKenna I know that's why it's like McKenna like I
want to I want you to like take a bullet for me I don't want to treat you well we'll see
how this conversation goes okay all right so McKenna you so what do you think of those
people over on cooch seem kind of entitled yeah yeah I'm closer than Morrison everybody
pay attention to me at least the worst is when people say couch though that's how you
like know their is it spelled couch yeah okay so it's it's the new you're the New York Houston
trap that's terrible Houston Houston and then if you don't say Houston then you know fuck
this guy kick him out of New York his crystal on his palm starts blinking Houston they take
you up and they drop you into the Statue of Liberty's torch same with Edinburgh Scotland
and you say it like you say it like like butter you go and butter and butter yeah and butter
and butter anyways McKenna so how long have you lived in Portland around 11 years wow okay
and so since you were three yeah the the so you moved here from where I'm from Oregon
right so we're still in our south of here all right oh so you just you you you're like me
in Wisconsin you you were you were you were born in a vat in the suburbs kind of like
somewhere in a basement your parents hit you with a belt and then sent you to move to the
city yeah all right and said I'm gonna show all of you Madison guy just yelled out yes
that is a city in Wisconsin I think that's the guy that read me the pitch I can't tell
I can't tell I don't think so it's bright the lights are bright but I mean you haven't
lived until and they just reciting it and then he was like hey but I figured what the
hell and I'm like yeah what could it hurt you to read me a pitch I don't have a pitch
for you thank you there's gonna be a gunshot from the back and my career is gonna be over
for the dumbest reason in the world not because you're dead though right because the other
guy because the other guy all right don't try to keep track here have you ever listened
to this podcast oh okay yes the so my fiance and I have been to Portland now probably like
I think between us five times the last time it got pretty severe the Portland thing like
it gets in your blood you're into it yeah yeah like it happens we want to move here
so I and I can't get a read on the Portland people because usually the next thing that
happens when you want to move to a city is you talk to somebody and they say everyone
feels that way fuck off the reason you feel that way is because nobody's moving here but
you're but you're a good example because a lot of people come here like now in the summertime
and they're like Portland's amazing and then they actually move here and it's like ten
months of shit right but you're but you when you guys say shit you mean my favorite thing
in the world which is Blade Runner weather every day is Blade Runner like I don't want
to walk around in a fucking awesome trench coat and I think the shitty weather like creates
cooler people kind of like you know you go to somewhere sunny and people are all right
but you come here and everybody's like maybe a little angsty but creative and making things
well the sun is I mean the thing is when you go to a restaurant there's there could be
a culture where people say to you you know you know the best place to sit is right by
the kitchen the source of all restaurants things that's where all the food is made that's
what the sun is you don't want to sit near the kitchen it's also really shit it's a
fucking fusion reactor in the sky it's giving you cancer it's like it's it's it's burning
your children it's it hurts magnificent characters like powder remember that guy that's that
guys the best our planet can do like and he doesn't want the sun you know who powder
is for it yeah he has psychic powers and he's not yes the sun technically like the kitchen
in a restaurant it makes things happen yes that's where the shrimp goes into the basket
I don't want the booth next to the fucking kitchen I want to be in the dark corner like
I want to be in an indirect result of the sun yeah so appreciate the sun for what it
did but you don't need to like yes I'm a fan of the sun like it's like like Paul Verhoeven
like like good job a while ago and and for that I will never turn my back on you
the sun is the Quentin Tarantino of the solar system like permanent decision made I rely
on you I think you were amazing you know kill Bill being a two-parter is fine if that's
what comes with it so but does the rain get to you over time when you
but you don't know because you were in Oregon already like you Oregon Oregon yeah that's
a small violation that's I didn't say Oregon I said Oregon oh what I think that's what they
were doing yeah okay I mean that's a lame thing to hold your ground on that's that's
one vowel like what do you guys do to Canadians I mean I'm sure they come they probably call
it Brigadoon here the that doesn't make any sense the but but but you you you were born
under an umbrella yeah so it does though yeah around like June when it's still like shitting
on you you start to get a little that's the June gloom right yeah you start to get a little
crazy and right now everybody's very happy cuz they're like oh the sun's out and it's
gonna start rain yeah and like the Oregonians I think about now are like okay I'm ready
to start wearing coats again like I don't people are very conflicted about now I just
realized we've been talking about the weather and our podcast I'm so sorry I apologize what's
the opposite of the weather in conversation do you believe in God McKenna let's just skip
to why not well after today I'm questioning cuz he made it so wonderful that you're thinking
of converting back to know where your parents religious no not at all I never went to church
did you resent them for not being a religious no come on you wanted a little bit of God
I'm very open-minded because of it so they were nice intellectual parents yeah they let
me go to church with like my friends and I would go to church and be like fuck this is boring like
what is happening then you come home and they're like I told you I told you to go to an orgy
yeah okay all right fucking Portland there's sacrilegious here so what's the what's the
trying to think of the opposite of talking about the weather what's the worst thing you've ever
done to another human being that's a really hard question yeah I know I asked that of a
podcast guest at one point and he immediately knew and it was he made he made his brother drink
his own pee but just he gave him it told him it was lemonade and I I've definitely done a few
things like that when I was little or like dirt mixtures that you give to like the neighbor girl
like no no you know the thing where you make the girl eat the dirt like no you need to tell us
about that little hazing what did you do what's the dirt what's the dirt girl story because
it's not universal I definitely I mean that there was definitely a little girl that lived
across the street from me who was like probably five years younger or something so of course
she was like super excited to hang out with the older like I'm so cool you know like hang out
with the cool older girl and it was like you know torture so your instinct to haze yeah
you're like yeah that's what we were just talking about people that like you there was
some dirt with like vanilla flavoring and water in a cup and be like here this is good yeah yeah
and then she ate it yeah and then like would go home and cry because she ate dirt yeah how old were
you at that point maybe like 23 30 like 12 yeah that means I mean that's when you're like the
biggest asshole well you don't have you know human human people we don't have like what we define
as I don't know whether you some people would call it morality some people just call it a
conscious conscience like we don't have that compass built into us we're the most adaptable
species on the earth and we you don't you don't get there by having some ingrained thing that
we won't do like we'll do anything to anybody that our parents tell us okay and we kind of like
we we learn kind of over time we're like oh you know what life is more fucked up if we keep doing
shit that we just want to do and we don't start thinking about other people but like eight year
olds are sociopaths they're they're just like pull the wings off a shit and like like yeah and
you they I don't I don't what's unclear is do they learn do they biologically hit a point where
they're like okay I'm gonna stop doing that or do or do you just have to stop them like you kind of
want to like make a big iron cube maybe in this steel mill and like drop a bunch of human children
into it and just do a bunch of experiments but then you'd realize wait maybe I'm doing this
because I didn't learn how to be moral I know that I know that your brain is made out of all
these like you know there's like there's a biological capitalistic like board meeting in your
brain every day where where different departments of your brain kind of compete for resources and
so when you're a kid like if they say that if you raise a kid in an environment where I can't
stand up and I think we should all try this tonight that if the kid comes out of that like
two foot high like you know crawl space at an age after their legs are fully able muscularily to
walk they even if you like give them like regarding Henry physical therapy they will never
because their brain that part of their brain the one that dedicates resources to motor function in
their legs has long ago been zoned out during some city board meeting in its brain I was like no
there's no need to walk this person needs to navigate darkness and crawl hand over hand and
change light bulbs or whatever they're doing down there telekinesis maybe some people just
realize how to only be an asshole when they're young I think that I think that the I think that
pot it's possible I'd like to be more optimistic than this but I think it's possible of it being
that compassion might be like facial recognition walking you know being good with feng shui these
might just be little little talents we have and being compassionate actually yields positive
results you know long-term for kids on the playground hopefully I'm sure it's that yeah I
don't think it's inherent but that's a bummer though that's like thinking they were all like
these empty canisters of just flash that are just waiting to be either made into serial killers
or saints yeah that's that's the whole land somewhere way between some bummer I guess I
think it's awesome but it's also kind of yeah it's kind of amazing at the same time because
then some people grow to be so amazing yeah well it's the same but what's a but what about them
what about the lack of meaning to being amazing like do you why is it like it just happens at
random but the randomness makes it beautiful you're saying I think so why can you like the
role of a die but why is that more beautiful why is chaos more beautiful than than purpose
because it's uh it's like the antithesis of everything we seek it's like oh we're just
going the wrong way about it we just got to accept that it's randomness and derive meaning
out of that I think that's cool like I mean it's one thing to like catch on to a meaning that
already exists that's like seeing a bird but it's another thing to like you know like I'm
gonna invent the bird it's a common a common example I think we can all relate to creating
our own foul right so I say I don't know if I have the ability to articulate this you're
saying that within if we accept that our nature is chaotic we can achieve a meta order yeah
well also just that like okay so if it was predestined that I was supposed to just say I
mean be here today that's not very interesting that's a that's a that's part of a list there's
a long list of things like the fact that I'm here because of several crazy random factors
that could never happen to anyone else just because of sheer probability and stuff I find
that amazing and more potentially miraculous than like someone with a plan making making
the rules for everything I don't know like our friendship is the result of a random occurrence
you came to the show and I said is there a dungeon master here and you raised your hand
and now we're friends yeah and and more than friends employees right view yeah I wear many
hats but that same chaos means that I could have a strange happening in my brain that
makes me lunge across the table and rip your face off because I think it's a sandwich which
is also really fascinating right but you will die will you die going like I'll life I'll
take three I don't think you can take three that's the problem right all right maybe
that's my problem I want to buy life in bulk maybe it's just that I'm a dungeon master
though because I just everything I do is rolling dice it's all randomness and then we start
to understand that those same rules of dice rolling are just genetics and particle collisions
it's all just all these weird probabilistic things that happen it's I think that's just
like understanding the code to the universe and the idea that your brain is well it's
looking at the die rolls is the result of a bunch of die rolls over billions of years
and hundreds of billions of years if you go I mean like the big bang forward like random
collisions turning into RNA turning into primordial soup turning into evolutionary Cold War or
hot war between organisms resulting in the biological weapons survival wise that is your
brain that in addition to recognizing red apples and yellow bananas is able to recognize
numbers on a die and create a game that is based on random numbers so you're using the
end result of a bunch of randomness to look at infantile randomness simulations of fundamental
randomness and we have fun and we pretend that there's order we pretend that there's
good guys and bad guys and and we but we and we seek meaning but but you can find peace
by accepting that there is no meaning yeah and I mean what you're talking about order
is like the only order is what we add to it you know it's what we're ordering around in
the randomness I think that's a cool part of it thanks man I appreciate that but what
does that have to do with pushing can you hear me Portland more like pushing land sorry
speaking to pussy let's bring my fiance up here we have to figure out I'm gonna stand
is there I think we don't have enough there's another mic you set I can coach it no no no
well that's I don't know no I want you to set like on the pedestal that you belong on am
I am I still want to be put on a pedestal being me down by putting me up and you stay
seated oh you're from Portland I got to be a girl but I love your hair oh thank you
looks great like a mermaid mare of a fairy grove yeah everyone listens to the runway
I've seen a ton of girls with purple in their hair and I was kind of like I want to like
gather all of us together and get like a group purple hair shot because I feel like most people
have purple I'm down for any color but purple seems to be a popular I felt like when I was
looking for people that were lived closer to this steel mill the hair got more purple
as I hope I hope five years from now we don't find out this is some kind of cluster the
cool color remember a couple weeks ago when you came home and my hair was gray I was trying
to do that I love the gray actually like I thought it for fall I might go gray oh man
that look amazing it's like witchy witchy yeah have you seen the gray with Liam Easton
so I'm going for it doesn't matter what color your hair is the wolf will eat you he's a
predator a biological killing machine he doesn't care about your hair it doesn't matter if
we make a fire doesn't matter if we wake up doesn't matter how many legs you have doesn't
matter if they're in the snow doesn't matter if we walk five feet or five hundred feet
it's it doesn't matter that we're here it the wolves may walk by not see us it doesn't
matter if they don't see us they might smell us if the sequel to the gray took place in
Portland and there was that same monologue what would that sound like it doesn't matter
if they're uncouch it doesn't matter if they're the sandy hut doesn't matter if they enjoy
shuffleboard if they're a day drinker or a hipster drinker it doesn't matter if they
innovate it doesn't matter if they remember that they used to make yogurt hair it doesn't
matter if the video game is independent or corporate it doesn't matter if women are
properly represented in the video game genre the wolf will still eat you we're arguing
about about whether or not the Tomb Raider should have big tits but the wolf just sees
a hot dog I want to talk I want to talk about one thing I want to talk about the plane ride
here and the fact that I've noticed this because I've traveled by plane enough to know that
this isn't a fluke sometimes okay let me start with all the time all the time the food is
bad yes yes the peanuts are too small the every time without exception everyone in this room
who's ever been in a plane no one will argue with this every time you're on a plane the
position of your seat back is catastrophically important to them the people who are in charge
of whether you live or die because the plane is a piece of equipment that is defying physics
flying through the air like a metal fucking rock and you and you were in it and your seat
being back or forward to them is a big deal you for instance if you'd like to test this
theory try keeping your seat back the whole time they won't let you we all know this we
accept it your seat has to be forward when you land now sometimes and I find this very
interesting sometimes your seat doesn't work now the reason I find this interesting is
because the times your seat doesn't work is because the airline is shitty and the airplane
isn't working right and it is though time those times not when you need your seat to
be back it is it is their failure that immediately solves the problem I find that very interesting
I feel like she already knows the story she's annoyed by it but I'm like I'm not I'm I find
this very interesting I've had this conversation so many times where like my seat my seat is
like half back and the person comes by and they go I really need that seat to be up before
we land and that could have been a woman or a gay man the the and I go like it doesn't
I'm hey man you try make it go make it do what you need it to do in order for the plane
to land and they go oh it doesn't work oh okay fuck it fuck it because it's our fault
fuck it because the plane doesn't work it's a crisis if it's on you it's fuck it if it's
on them hey I'm sorry we really need that engine to be on the wing well the engine's
not on the wing it won't it came disconnected it up in the air the plane is doing a fucking
barrel roll toward the soil oh okay well sorry fuck it I hope you live I'm on your side but
and I get it I get your frustration but that guy coming by he just has to his his big crisis
is that he wakes up every day and has to tell a bunch of people in an airplane in 2014 to
not smoke in an airplane and to do all these things and then he's walk I mean he said fuck
it because like that's how he feels yeah exactly exactly but what what if you were a secret
flyer what is that oh a person who knows about these secret flyers like a death's head officer
that's attending to be a tourist like my seat can go back you just need to try harder prisoner
number 137 okay I understand your frustration I have a personal connection to this because
after this happened I was awaking from a beautiful nap I ever heard the interaction which is fine
because I have similar interactions and then I unfortunately said to you I don't think it was
that big of a deal and then I was I was on the other side of the Gaza Strip because the
Gaza Strip is a line on a ping-pong table the other side of the you know you know what I mean
the point being and what I said to you is it's of course it's not a big deal that's the tyranny
of course it's not a big deal there's not no one's gonna of course no one's gonna hit me
on the writing talk about the body body scanning machines how you opt out and I don't I opt out
thank you the more I said opt out the sooner that those things are fucking taken out of the
airports you know who doesn't opt out who loves just getting fucked in the anus with an airplane
wing well it's not knock that that's a lot of fun actually sounds great they're kind of tapered
at the end and then they get slowly bigger toward the body of the plane there's a lot of
variety then there's an engine in the middle of it with like a suction like turbine I'm going
from here to Tarzana California to market the airplane wing build-up when you opt out don't
you get like harassed yes exactly you like every time I opt out I get taken to like the
little room or do you say like they test something on your clothes and then they're
like oh it's a hair gel that's setting the alarm off we have to take you back for a search you
got to stop wearing that maybe this is the Portland airport I think you have to stop being
an Italian porno's it's had bad luck I don't know I mean a very mixed experience I mean it's
not it's not great but I think most people are pretty nice though there are some airports
where they're like you're opting out and then an hour later someone comes over and I'm not
going to disclose what part of the country that was but they've definitely been instructed it's
it's out they can't keep a secret it's not like it's the fucking though today I had a very nice
conversation and I you know I become as I've gotten older I've really cherished my female
friendships and there is something to staring in the eyes of a strange TSA woman who says to you
I'm going to take my hands up between your legs until I first several times I did this I got this
line until I think they corrected it I'm going to take my hands up your thighs until I meet the
resistance the first time I was like the resistance hiding out in there thank you for
fighting the good fight until I meet the resistance they're supposed to say resistance
which also I don't like to think of my pussy as resistance I don't want it I don't want to
think of it as a portal either but I don't want to think of it as some sort of like force
feel it's not like happy cartoon hashtag happy cartoon but today I had a really nice
conversation with this young woman who is like airports right and I'm like you're telling me
as she's like touching my boobs and I'm like this is cool that we can have this moment like you
know which is used to dance in the forest and I like the idea that your vagina is the resistance
because I like I like that you're I love you for your humanity and I when I think of the
resistance I think of the TV the TV miniseries event V from the 80s like I think of your vagina
as like spray painting over propaganda that was put there by aliens and going like fuck it we
can fight and I'm like yeah I love awesome I love this vagina it fights you know I mean it
does make you feel like a battleship a little bit or they're like do you have any devices no ma'am
I do not but I could yeah I could have some some devices that's a thing I'm just learning
about this thing you stand before you say anything this is my own expression that I came
up with it's not like common vernacular no but I want to I think it's it's intuitive yeah
exactly yeah you know what I mean when I say a kangaroo who hears kangaroo before no no let's
say you're going to be dishonest across the country yeah I don't believe that they're just
lying out there yeah like you guys didn't go to a concert where they're searching for she means
putting a nickel bag of marijuana in your vagina or or anything that might need to get through
some kind of checkpoint you've never no one in Portland has ever used their birth you know it
takes a lot to see the nobility in kangarooing I do those you know I don't opt out I go through
the back scanner machines and every time I like it's probably psychosomatic but every time I just
like my balls hurt afterwards it's like there I could just feel you know all those little guys
dying I feel I feel lightheaded I always feel lightheaded it's weird it's got to be site like
they can't really be happening right it's all but but then again what would make more sense I mean
what if there's anything useful happening in that machine to them then it of course it's like you
could feel it I don't know I thought really good about my decision to opt out when early on some
TSA TSA agent said to me oh you know they took out a 70% of the radiation do you know that they
took out 70% and then another guy was like no a hundred percent I was like fucking no no you're
talking about it they took they're like oh we should we should really take out this radio they
can't take that's not the way that's not the way it works like it's salad dressing like they're
like yeah that's the only thing that they got it's in the same way that I fucking resent when I go
to urban outfitters and I'm trying to return a sweater and someone's like have you worn this like
when I when I haven't and I know I have not worn the sweater I don't know and it's like is your
last name urban outfitters I know you're making ten dollars an hour and I'm a human being and
you're a human being and guess what's not a human being is urban outfitters fucking take my
sweater right Asian M is worse and then the same way with the TSA agents when they're like yeah
you know they took out the radiation it's like what the what what on your deathbed are you
gonna say I was a company man but like it's a it's it's a radiation dispenser that's its job
how do they take out the radiation no exactly it's just a box I looked it up afterwards and
it's there's nothing to it one guy one day was right I have ice in my mouth like a there's an
urban legend or or or it's true but I will say it's an urban legend so I want to spread things
that I don't want to be totally irresponsible but there's a you know there's legend has it
that the guy that invented that machine won't go through it yeah how many how many people
you're you're Portland do you guys opt out when you go to the airport the port port port port
Portland has a has a beautiful airport don't they I mean they kind of pretty nice they have
two little shops and stuff I opt out because of the philosophy of it because of a big brother
bullshit of it and but what would you say to somebody that said well what about a metal
detector I mean just because we had no that's fine but I mean with the rule exactly I mean
with the I don't know I I'm going to I'm not the I'm not the voice of this cause but the
the idea of I mean those body scanner machines really don't detect that much and if someone
is really trying to smuggle something they can it just seems to me that they're developing
technologies so they can take pictures of us all the time and so they can just ease shit in I
don't know it's a little conspiracy theories of me but also I'm like fuck you I just paid
five hundred dollars per flight and I have to stand with my arms out and there are pictures
of what it looks like on another screen and then I don't know it just bugs me and also
not everybody has to do it it goes back and forth and it's like well then what is the
point of this it's just a it's just like a slow control thing like TSA was born and so
they came up with this fucking thing I hope they can fly on I hope that H&M and Banana
Republic or whoever you were talking about don't maybe the next podcast Aaron will just
be naked she's being boycotted by all the clothes they come to the house and take all my clothes
the god damn it there was a there was a McKenna how are you doing over there I'm good yeah
well how's your nightmare of being reliving all my airport experiences right now yeah not to
harp on this topic but like like like look find this on YouTube there's an amazing uplifting
video of these two kids who were handing out opt out flyers at an airport and it's like a it's
not a short attention span thing like it's like a 40 minute video but you can like click
through it like the the it's just these two kids are at an airport and they're standing
at the top of the escalators before in the public area before you go through the machines
and they're handing out flyers to raise awareness of like opt out day or something like that
like you don't have to go through these machines if you don't want to and and the airport
officials come up to them they're videotaping it and they start trying to bounce them and
like they're using all the official language and you can't be here you can't be doing this
you can't be distributing this literature and but and they bother to say I think we
can I think we can stand here and talk to people and hand them literature we're in an
airport you have people down there doing the same thing for some religion we were just
doing the same thing and then they get increasingly aggressive and then they call the cops and
this cop not an airport cop just a regular cop has to come and the regular cop is just
this guy who refreshingly like he's kind of he's got the buzz cut and the gun belt and
he just looks like any other cop that might do any horrible thing but he like kind of
scratches his head and he walks away with the airport guy and he's like comes back to the
people and he's like yeah I don't know I think the Constitution says you can do whatever
you want they gave me a gun and a walkie-talkie I'm supposed to I think I'm supposed to just
keep people safe I don't think I'm supposed to I think you're I think you have to and
the airport guy is like what the fuck what's your fucking name I'm an airport guy I want
an airport guy the same as when you try to return a sweater at Urban Outletters it's
identical and I'm saying this I feel strongly about this because I worked at Urban Outletters
and at Hot Topic yeah yeah really dark times but at Hot Topic the clothes are so cheap
and I would have colleagues that would be like I don't know should we take this back
should we should we accept it and I'm like yeah what we make $7 an hour what does this
matter it doesn't matter sorry I'm all fired up I don't know I'm so fired up well it's
the echoey chamber it makes you feel like you're in church it's that machine it's that
machine in back it just makes you think of flashnets and how women have been exploited
by disco movies the why don't we let's find the pain in the room in our new segment let's
find the pain who's in pain emotional pain your hand went up immediately do you mind
talking about it what's your name Seth what's your emotional pain kind of lost all my best
friends at once you lost all your best friends at once are you willing to come up and talk
about it okay Seth everybody we can share it's Portland okay here Seth you sit there
I'm not gonna be I'm gonna I'm gonna lower it over you guys all right so you lost all
your best friends in a short period of time yeah in like a weekend what'd you say like
a weekend okay what so take it was alcohol involved that's a good question so yes yeah
yeah and some in some semblance but not for the actual thing sure was it a was it a wedding
or a murder we can speculate on a wedding in fact it was a wedding murder the themed
wedding it went poorly the was there okay sorry for the next two hours I was like was
it was it birds attack you we'll figure it out eventually get there now so I recently
like back in December as I moved from my hometown of Anchorage Alaska down to Seattle which is
where I live now which is really far so you're following a hipster lay line you're gonna end
up living at Stonehenge from Anchorage to Seattle to Portland he's gonna okay are you
afraid of people without tattoos no like no no I'm sorry I love tattoos I just know that
Anchorage and Seattle and Portland all are famous for their beautiful tattoos and go
ahead yeah no I did my my only thing is like I have a beard and have for sure do but it's
utilitarian this is a guy sorry to interrupt but if Spencer's a brownie this guy's a blondie
he's a Spencer type for the podcast listeners opposite coloring and looks the same he's
a blondie he's a blonde Spencer okay continue yeah yeah so I moved beard utilitarian it
was cold it was cold what's utilitarian about the beard it's really cold there because Alaska
I was in I was in my hotel that's also as cold as Alaska and I was I was shirtless and I
was trying to sleep and when I had my beard on my chest I was fine and when I swept it
to the side I was freezing cold it's like an afghan for your neck it's like a blanket
from your face and I heard in for the people in Ferguson are reporting it's a natural tear
gas filter oh definitely just put it over your eyes yeah that it works it's just an adaptation
we're all making it anyway I'll make this super brief I don't make you don't have to
make it brief yeah don't worry about it this isn't desperate housewives it's a fuckin
Portland podcast we want to hear your human stories I moved and had some really close
friends I did podcast with and we were you know made a lot of stuff together and we were
continuing to do it like kind of long distance because I was the only one who moved because
I had to get out because it's the middle of nowhere yeah it yeah Alaska it's Cincinnati
in the north no offense to Cincinnati they make wonderful chili the so I moved and and
then came back in like May like six months later for the first time just for a weekend
and we hung out and everything was great and then there was huge social drama because it
turned out I had anchorage is a small town I had thrown your anchor into a seat I had
I found anchorage I guess you could say in a port that ended up being all that's a really
bad way to talk about a human being I'm taking that back immediately feel like we should
commit to the party we all know women are at port we did like a major plot point and
then you guys got derailed with this it was a short-term mortgage and then more it was
very friendly and was very amicable and you know we were we were friends and then she
started dating another friend in the close friend group and things kind of spiraled from
there but it was the first time that like really close friends were kind of like alright
no we're done so because did you become the the this is the thing that drives me insane
about romance the the dirt underbelly of it that we see this is why I don't like romantic
comedies but but because Aaron and Aaron loves them but I I I'm projecting like like I think
that drives me insane my worst nightmare is being cast as the villain and someone else's
story even though I didn't it's just like oh that's convenient for you like I'm the
wind beneath your fucking wings because it's like taboo and not only was I the villain
I was sour on on the proverbial mountain literally a country away you know like you
had to go through Canada which is like I don't know Dwarf's live there or something and then
there was me you know being all villainy and so you became a were you were you the other
man ever no not at all this was before they got together but there were there were friends
yeah yeah no one thinks about Alaska anyway for like and it's not too big a deal because
yeah I don't need to go back I'm good for now like well I'll say you're you're an emotional
pain you lost all your friends in a couple of days like you went from five to zero or
whatever it is I don't mean to presume the numbers I would start with three but but but
like he needs to hear more than fuck those friends you're right my mom always used to
say when I would I would go out and I would get beat up by people and then I would come
home and I would go Scott and so and so beat me up and my mom would go well so now you
know you don't like those guys right you know like and here they are wanting to beat you
up so some problems solve themselves and you have to see them every day like that and
that's the part that's still raw is because of the internet which is a great thing in
so many ways were just kind of one Kevin Bacon away from each other yeah you know and have
a whole bunch of mutual friends so like it's there's only so much hiding and blocking
and muting that you can do did they break break up with you via like an email or some kind
of conversation no it was like hey I'm back in town for three days three days everything's
cool one day the next day oh by the way podcast listeners it was right he's flipping off you
give him double birds without really knowing the situation I would I would say to not really
take that too personally if you really believe that you weren't in the wrong yeah don't worry
about it you've moved so it's not really about you it's like they're they're like look who's
in the Anchorage crew well it sounds like they're resentful that you've got out right I mean
right maybe I'd imagine that it sucks for agreement all that I mean am I hearing a different
thing I mean he doesn't he's not he's not wondering whether or not he should like these
people he is saying it hurt you know it like is a wound that it's like Allen and it's just
sitting there so what's the staff that you put on it it won't heal it the thing that
will heal it is his own body and time but is there like some some Neosporin that we could
squirt on it in the morning reminding myself if I was in his position reminding myself
that it wasn't really about me it would be that Neosporin which is why I said that right
definitely I wasn't and I my god I wasn't arguing with you oh Jesus you guys shouldn't
be therapists at all if there's a couple therapists important practice called mixed nuts I mean
I think the first thing we need to do not to be Geraldo Rivera about it but I gotta reach
around I'm like Kelly McGillis and Top Gun and just embrace him and you can't see it
on the podcast it's not it's not for it's not for applause but thank you how does it
feel to be to be touched and held by someone you admire who will never betray you I don't
care I don't care who you who you date next I'm never gonna touch her I'm every time you
hear my voice I'm talking to you praise Jesus I'm very sorry that happened to you and these
moments of pain I like to quote one of my favorite shows a little time my so-called
life I would reference an episode halfway through the series where Claire is getting
over Jordan and realizes that she's over him and she says you know what it hurts until
it doesn't it hurts until it doesn't that's still that just seems like such a fuck off
like no it's not it's not a fuck I mean the the meaning that is like no like if you feel
sad about this your feelings are valid and you're gonna sit in them but you won't feel
that way forever it'll it'll expire it hurts until it doesn't what if it hurts forever
well then there's something wrong with you and you should jump off and then you die and
it doesn't hurt anymore what if you know that it makes me feel a lot better you just die
and you're fine what if you're so smart what if you're so smart then it's not about that
situation what if you're so smart that you know that about pain and it doesn't change
anything what if what if what if what do you do in those moments when knowing how your
brain works and how your heart works doesn't change anything that's going on in them what
do you what do you is there is there a technique is there a you go you go inside you gotta you
gotta go inside get out of the sun get out of orange Hitler your emotions are a lot like
weather they come and go and sometimes they make sense and follow patterns and other times
it's like a freak storm it's like you go inside or you had a friend who suggested he
got over a breakup he watched all the seasons of Farscape oh that sounds awesome I mean
the thing is it's it's not a that's the thing is that like it's it's a tired expression
but it's in a dumb old adage but time really does heal all wounds the good news about being
sad is that in times when you're sad art is better music is better probably more creative
you're seeing things differently like you're really living because you have you're bleeding
from your soul as you're walking around like that's a good news but news is again it's
gonna feel bad until it doesn't feel bad anymore that's just that's just time what
a bad thing to do is to try to fix it by a fucking you know doing like putting a building
a windmill or whatever crazy thing you would do talking about it on a podcast in front
of yeah well I don't I don't think Seth's the type of guy that's gonna do anything he's
gonna I mean by the way what you have he's gonna do great things no I said I was saying
I don't think he's gonna do anything that's like unhealthy with pain if he's willing to
like cry it out from an audience at a podcast that means he's already actually like he's
got oxygen and that's gonna heal but Seth do you do you ever listen to this podcast
do you think it would help you heal a little bit to play a character that you whose life
you had more control over in a game of Dungeons and Dragons maybe whose wounds could not hurt
you no matter who did anything to you so do you think I don't know how we got a smattering
of applause when we asked who listened to the podcast so but the thing is during the
podcast we end it by playing a round of Dungeons and Dragons on the podcast so I guess if you're
not a fan fuck off I guess but not in a mean way just in a you won't maybe not know what's
going on or if you're a gaming fan I mean this is a big like tabletop intensive conference
so we're gonna be we have an ongoing campaign that we play and we need a Chris de Burgh who
will be Seth and we need a if McKenna would be willing to be wait so we have what I'm
sorry we need a quark and you'll play Chris de Burgh sorry McKenna okay you get the character
sheets so yeah let me just bust these out real quick all right while he's busting those
out keep being comedic Aaron did you want to read the list of I mean this is just a shout
out to do you guys know who Rob Schrabitz be somebody who's on the podcast that's eight
people do you have your yeah maybe I'm looking ahead and I'm going like you know what it's
not the best in Marshall's technology corner doesn't doesn't explain to us earlier that
if you pay attention to the size of cell phones it appears that their size changes over time
based on people's needs and that that's similar to evolution and we started mocking him for
that revelation if you need a time filler I can pull up my phone I have this great treatment
for Alan Alda plays a where is that guy is that guy here is the guy here that read the
treatment are you do you do you are you did I humiliate you did I make you feel bad by
telling that story okay do you want can I turn it can I turn it into a win for you do you
want to read your treatment to the people or anything you want like like for real like
like you know I don't I'm not I'm not bullying you like I don't want I don't if you're actually
worried that you would read it and then people go I'm going to rip that off like but or do
you just want to talk about it for a second okay all right I just want to humanize you
for them I don't want the moral of the story to be the people are bad I want to be I want
to be that there are heroes among us I love it what's your name Jason Jason all right
Jason's the guy who read me a treatment off his phone at the cooler of us I felt so bad
it's the weirdest thing I've ever done I wasn't that annoyed I just thought it was
remarkable actually I actually canceled my D&D night tonight to be here so god all right
what do you what do you play what do you play as in D&D on the mic I don't eat the
warlock for a while right now I'm a paladin so I got you know that's exciting Gilman
the Toronto yeah it's kind of getting old no it sounds great David Cross as a family
man can we let's reenact the encounter so like imagine a black and white strobing thing
like from a crime show yeah like okay we're we're we're look alike actors so like David
do companies playing me and so I'm just let's just reenact okay I'm by the cooler okay Dan
this is the only time this is going to happen but I have to do it now okay so David Cross
is a put-upon family man and a super scientist he works at the Enlightenment Corporation
and tests the Bodhisattva chair an electric chair that blasts people into enlightenment
for science father of three his wife Jane keeps things kosher at home while wielding
a gigantic hook for a hand doesn't sound that bad sounds great all right thank you sir
what's your name again sorry Jason Jason everybody the David Cross treatment writer I
know David Cross will we'll get that to him but I don't think he makes those decisions
I think David Cross probably has an agent he's like does anyone want to hire me and
then they go like oh the guy wants you to play a robot all right so you got the character
sheets ready yeah let me just let me give that to you give that to Aaron and then the
top ones for my camera and the rest is yours take for Spencer as comptroller I mean let's
go great that's that's about what I deserve it's very apt appropriate I appreciate it
I mean now it's getting now it's getting dishonest now it's not buying it anymore there's a lot
more believable before so thank you that's what I'm looking for that's what I need right
now are you guys ready should I should I start this up yeah let's do it I don't have my D&D
music so I'm just gonna play that warm-up music from earlier it'll really do you want
to hum it I think that would be better actually when we last met our heroes had landed in
some pretty hot water after a late night juice tour gonna ride the party retired with Spis
Bulb the friendly gnome where they decided to break into the priest's juicery to look
for clues don't become while inside the juicery the gang heard a noise and arrived to see a
beaten father tinder and escaping assailant Sharpie tracked down the would-be murderer
to the Darvon household and what he found wasn't pretty Darvon and her son were murdered
dead home there Sharpie and the gang encountered the assassin Spis Bulb the gnome the little
gnome cast powerful nap magics and hurled insults but something wasn't light right
bone blows were exchanged but using his shrewd mind Christopher determined that Spis Bulb
wasn't at posture convincing their cast attacker to cast off his disguise revealing himself
to be none other than father tinder himself working together the gang started to gain
the upper hand breaking through his shield while quarks slash tinder's head with a flaming
sword as the old man like dying white be white beams of light began streaming through the
room as the shard of power worked its ancient and hideous magic but what danger could the
shark portend what new evils must the gang face what tricks were still in the way up
father tinder's sleeve find out now that was some great humming I want to buy that album
I assume the effect is the same as in the shower but it sounded awesome to me I think
when we listen to the podcast will be like oh my god stop groaning into the microphone
so traditionally you guys have a lot of questions at this point I was humming yeah I was listening
I was humming that's what I'm saying so just in a moment where am I standing you guys are
all standing together in the broken remnants of the Darvon household you see crumbling stone
falling from the ceiling and all the furniture in the room is destroyed reduced to splinters
everything is very hard to see because white light is dazzling you going throughout the
room before it concentrates onto a single glowing humanoid form the form of father tinder he
starts to transform before you into an eight feet tall gray skinned stone skinned bullhorned
man with glowing red eyes powerful muscular limbs and stony wings a burning white flame
grows brightly in his chest and he looks not unlike a winged demon or something hi
do you have more questions we're probably cool now right now that he's transformed into
this thing are you asking me or are you asking him I'm kind of thinking out loud okay continue
and I've I've worked for him for many a moon and a sunset for sunset 20 moon who are you
I'm father tinder I have transformed into my final form like that lady at the drive-through
in the video yeah but I'm getting all the chicken nuggets is your now that you've transformed
into your final form you're probably really self-actualized and all your aggression is
gone right you could say that yes but I'll still need to destroy you can I mean we could
talk about that we could while I'm destroying you all right I'm gonna run I'd like to run
what do you guys we're standing there and this guy turned into a demon and he's gonna
kill us do you guys have any he's a glowy white spot in the middle of his chest yeah I you
know this isn't my first rodeo with gamey things usually the place you want to throw
a sword or something okay well I mean this isn't my first rodeo but do you really want
to throw your swords it's more of a Castlevania type you know there's there's a lot of platformers
from the old days barbarian not thinking things through very well it's good characterization
all right I'm bolstered by your confidence you think this is as easy as a boss battle
in a video game well I'll attack his milky white spot all right I I'm not a D&D player
but in my gear I have a dragon dick so yeah I feel like that might work in this situation
it's more of a trophy I mean I think I think I remember where you got that I don't know
if it's a weapon it's something that it's a conversation piece most things are a weapon
against a milky white spot whose turn is it first I guess I want to put it at a quark's
turn how about that's Seth there oh Seth okay well let's go ahead and use a power attack
all right that's going to be less accurate than a normal attack I'm afraid and yet you
hit him dropping anchor rushing towards your demonic foe you plunge your sword deep into
his side dealing 12 damage and that's not even the milky white spot sure I'm excited
yeah we're having a great time we can do this yeah we are doing this yeah we're it's gone
really well no I'm excited well it was let's put it at a McKenna's turn that's a Krista
Berg right yes apparently it is so yeah you got your dragon dick let's do this
street style feel free to ask questions I may need some help on this yeah it occurs to
me we're subjecting her to quite a quite a lot yeah no I don't even I don't know half
of this all right I'm gonna attempt to use a short bow no no you're gonna use I'm going
to I'm gonna fucking shoot that short bow in I'm shooting it into the milky white spot
yes yes firing an arrow at his milky white spot it was probably it might have been your
income your what is the lack of confidence lack of confidence or something but your arrow
misses its mark plunging deep into the cobblestone walls of the dwelling it's okay he knows
we mean business yeah the communication shot so let's put it at a dignity that's Aaron
all right uh foe uh yeah unworthy foe who has been deceitful and untrue going to throw
my axe and it's going to be the death of you I rhyme now I guess I rhyme now so I throw
my I'm gonna throw my axe and I throw it really hard at the middle of his face you do that
but it doesn't hit him in the middle of his face but instead in his shoulder dealing
well what's your strength this plus three eight damage all right yeah the axe protrudes
from his shoulder it's not a joke I'd like to shoot a fireball at his milky white spot
all right casting your arms in a magical manner you unleash a fireball directly
towards his milky white spot he attempts to dodge out of the way but is too sluggish
and it hits him right in the chest but not his milky white spot like the nipple right next to
it instead but a nice grouping as they say in darts very tinky d&d is I guess there are dragon
dicks and milky white semen all this stuff there was no semen but now there is Portland
most strip clubs in the world right per capita love hearing about it most vegan strip clubs is that
what you said we'll talk after dealing 17 damage all right all right and that's just the nipple
I shout out the milky white spot it's the way to go so he turns his eyes to you the wizard
who's casted all this magic sand he beats his powerful wings and lunges at you through the
air his claws outstretched reaching right towards your neck that's my milky white spot
but he grabs you by the throat dealing nine damage and holding you fast in his sharp rocky
claw all right can I is it possible for me to go out of turn and use diplomacy no afraid not
but you could do it in your own turn thank you which is only three turns away putting it at
Seth's turn I appear to have some yarn you sure do I just thought it's funny because it's right
next to the nut sack I thought he got rid of that nut sack it is it has not yet been combined
with the dragon dick take a moment and say how much joy it is for me to hear that quirk is about
to use yarn very happy moment actually I also what's a cactus card that's like a business card
that says cactus club or bunch cactus bunch oh right right buy one get one free and also a
strange painted stick is there any more information about that at all it's strangely painted in a stick
so no um so that I do not hit my compatriot who is being held by the demon correct uh I mean
what are you trying to do I'm trying to attack but not oh you know cleave someone in half in the
who isn't white spot guy taking careful uh attention not to hurt your ally thank you slice
with your sword at the demonic foe before you got a hug so but uh you were you were too considerate
and you go way wide and don't hit anything at all you know just some advice it hurts until it
doesn't um a post it tells me I have a robot baby is oh yeah is there any use to the robot
baby uh I mean there's tons of uses I don't think you know any of them let's uh probably not it's
heavy you could hit someone with it maybe or you could tell it something give it a command give the
robot baby a command what was that tell the robot baby give it a command maybe it'll oh so if I
tell the robot baby to like infiltrate the milky white spot and retrieve whatever's inside
I can attempt that you can't yeah definitely I'm gonna I'm gonna do that all right say it
say it to the baby baby go to the milky white spot like you mean it McKenna yes go inside of it
like you know the baby's going to do it take hold of the milky white spot and bring it to me
uh you say those things and the robot baby's like all right yeah he starts wobbling over
toward uh towards the giant demon thing it's uh he's he's getting over there the demon doesn't
seem too occupied probably because it's a robot baby and he starts climbing up his leg but it's
gonna take some time before he can actually infiltrate the milky white spot for some reason he
doesn't seem to notice the robot baby it's a weird it's a weird phenomenon okay so then because I
know the robot baby is approaching the milky white spot I use diplomacy and I look at father
tinder and say father tinder uh-huh can we it's just the sounds of portland there's there's trains
there's five thousand people outside I thought I thought I was hearing my demons for a second
father father tinder uh one moment can you just look at my face for a second because I'm going
to explain to you why you are such a great leader but I'm using my diplomacy which is basically
if no yes I'm lying yeah you can't use diplomacy for lying oh I can't okay thank you okay
father tinder you look like a piece of shit father tinder this final this final thing that you've
turned into is no good no one likes it you have no friends you're going to defeat us and then
you're going to be all alone so stay still for a moment because I want you to I really want you
to stay still it's my heart's desire that you do not look anywhere but into my eyes he he glares
at you with his red eyes and he looks he looks like he's looking directly through you and through
your soul and he's like I don't know what you're getting at but I feel like I'm trying to I feel
like I'm being manipulated here I'm not gonna do that I'm gonna start looking around continuously
for the rest of the turn where's the what's the status on the baby the baby's still working around
he's you know okay he's met the resistance that was my turn right uh I mean you could do a short
action because you only said some words okay so I take a I take a sword and I I try to stab his
foot so I peg him to the ground all right like a like taxidermy like a moth you stab at his foot
and it uh it doesn't pin him to the ground but it does hurt him somewhat what'd you stab him with
a sword I did I stabbed him with a sword those are sharp it deals 11 damage to his foot all right
that's good I clapped my hands like I finished a job and I spit on the ground and twirl like
mighty mouse that might just stop your hands yeah exactly is that actually happening yeah that
happens okay okay just making sure yeah all right and then I say let's all journey towards truth
and then I sit down on the ground and I regret everything I just said putting it at the sharpies
turn all right lightning bolt at the milky white spot it's not the first time I've said it I feel
like okay I'm gonna say that after this you're out of spells of the third level because that
sounds like all you're cutting me off well yeah you only have so many I mean I think when's the
last time you heard me cast a lightning bolt you've only you cast three level this is exciting
you've cast three level three spells I can quit anytime I want I don't have a problem
you cast your arms in a magical manner and pointing your lightning finger towards them you
unleash a torrent a bolt a bolt of lightning a bolt of lightning but because he's not heating
a dignity's advice and looking all around he finds it very easy to see it coming and he dodges
out of the way that dumb I mean I don't want to I don't want to tell you your job but I could
explain it in a different way if you'd prefer no you just did such a shitty job that he dodged
his out of the way you're a terrible wizard you're a bad friend you're a bad friend it's gonna hurt
until it doesn't it's going to hurt until it doesn't so uh so a father-tinder demon guy he he
he's he's he's still not noticing this baby for whatever reason maybe it's his stony skin makes
him impervious tall but the heaviest of touches but uh he starts he starts squeezing on Sharpie he
starts squeezing on Sharpie harder Jesus Christ oh he he fails at that though it's like a it's like
a neck massage or something I don't want to I don't want to be one of those characters in the
movie that says a little help but sorry I'm not gonna help I'm not gonna do that wait did you
just do that no no that's metagaming and just saying I'm not doing that I'm not gonna be hacked and
say little help all right so let's put it at Seth's turn sorry who you your name's Seth right
I mean yet I'm a gnome barbarian I know by the name of quad I'm just trying to be friends with
you no it's all right and and you know I've created this artificial barrier it's a defense mechanism
as a I think we all do anyway uh I'm gonna use my armulet of winter and call a sleet storm to
try and obstruct the view of evil dr. tinder all right mister miss father father tinder so
he can't see the baby dr. tinder is pretty good that's gonna be my next sitcom so uh you activate
holding your armulet of winter to the sky you activated and driving winds and cold sleet
sleet you said sleet falls falls falls out of the sky and through the broken cracks in the
ceiling it's all making everything cold and slippery and hard to walk and he's getting coated
in rhyme and it's getting in his eyes and it's all it's all kinds of trouble oh he doesn't take
any damage but he's he's he seems to be uh blinded or at least visually impaired that's good it's
great yeah it's one of the yeah it's amazing I mean it is that's great let's put it on the
kestern though who's Chris de Burgh I'm gonna add to the sleet storm and use my weapon of sap to
coat the snow that is falling on his face I love this idea but a sap is actually like a beanbag
full of quarters that you like hit someone with in the face can that it could coat it can coat
right uh you could empty it out and then like yeah yeah it's like a beanbag you get it you could
cut it open and I'm gonna cut it open and the insides are gonna coat into the ice yeah and
further now that yeah I can get behind that it's it's gonna block the the view yes with a death
flick of your wrist you slice a small uh incision in your sap and lead dust sprinkles out being
taken up by the icy winds and gets uh gets stuck in this guy's eyes harder he's getting he's he's
completely blind if there was any ever any sight he's had it's gone now all right all right let's
just keep I get on a bucket of confetti and I'm just like hey we just keep blinding him until
he's he gives up which blind people should never do he's still crawling right yeah the baby's
still working since it's after your turn the baby he's reaching he's reaching in there he's
reaching in the baby is at the milky white spot like around the he's at the rim of the milky
white spot he's he's situated about it he's he's reaching in there with his little robot arm and
he can't fit his whole his whole body in there but he's he's really going for it he's got a lot
of gumption I love it put it at a dignity I I take out my lance and I charge towards
father tinder and I aim directly between his eyes which I know I've done before but now it's
with a different weapon here I come good over evil all praise to strusher sister Russia because
he's blind you charge directly into him and you hit him right in the forehead his his head skin
that's made of stone it cracks and several chips fall off and he's got a kind of a dark hole in
his head now but he doesn't react like a human would to having his head impaled in that he's still
alive he does how are what's the damage on that sorry this is uh it's like 80 come on man no I'm
sorry it's uh the damage is uh 13 it's not well it says 10 plus 3 10 plus 3 that's a yep
14 all right dealing 12 damage to his face uh he staggers back as uh the force of your blow
impacts him and he drops uh he drops sharpie in the scuffle all right see I did that for you
thank you let's put it at your turn all right so you said now you took all my spells away
no just the third level ones all right you have less of them than any other spells you command
well so shocking grasp is a level one spell yeah and I'm right there with them
I just grab them and I I whisper in his ear I I don't I mean this is for Kevin which means
nothing but I want it to freak him out and I shock and grasp him this is for Kevin
I know what you did to Kevin
blinded and confused by your strange words you find it not difficult at all to uh to grasp him
shockingly and lightning surges through his body it crackles and burns it it the fact his skin
is made of stone seems to make it not affect him so much but it still deals seven damage
yeah now don't applaud don't I fucked up he's made of stone if he was made of copper
that would have been a bold move we're made of tinder portland you're better than that
don't applaud shocking grasp on a stone guy I'm sorry I let you down I let your city down
all right so uh father tinder he takes a couple steps back and he starts rubbing his eyes uh
he starts rubbing his eyes and he can see again for once he takes his large uh rocky claws and
he lifts them up in the air and you see several spikes made out of white energy coalesce in the
sky like icicles and start falling all around the area so uh god he's holly berry in what
the the moon the uh uh so a storm storm I guess yeah I mean I don't think of holly berry's storm
I guess this on me because you saw a swordfish no I didn't I know what you're I saw a cat woman
she drinks milk in that it's sexy I haven't seen I haven't seen her cat it's not it's hilarious
it's terrible her origin story is she like works at a makeup factory or something I don't know
it's it's it's like her into being possessed by cat what's going on with that Batman show
the Gotham like they got the what the so the whole show is just before Batman brilliant at a
comic-con they have billboards everywhere for that and the kerning was kind of off and so
trust me it's going somewhere no I in the middle if you if you like cross your eyes a little
bit it just said got ham and that is the show I would watch it all takes place is Bruce Wayne
in the show is he a character he's a kid like he's a little so so it's like smallville before
before yeah I can't Clark Kent didn't do anything interesting all right and who's the mooney fish
person uh she's jaded picket smith they invented a character they made a new character up she's
just a fish person later according to comments on those trailers good luck Gotham
what do I know I just wrote monster house thank you what's happening you guys are getting hit
by icicles or something holly berry right yeah so you guys you can't dodge out of the way all these
four spikes are too much and you take uh well let's see here quark takes three damage uh
Chris de Burgh takes five and you two take eight okay it's not i reject that well i mean you still
take it except it's a matter of opinion sharpie what uh i haven't i haven't fought many stone
creatures what do you think would defeat a stone creature you know stone hates dynamite
i think that's the kryptonite for i mean we all grew up with that phrase but come on give me some
good advice i'm not sure i uh what anybody out there ever played stone creatures paper paper
i'm hearing a lot of paper of course what wait sit pickaxe that's right like a diamond pickaxe
would definitely go through this like butter earthquakes water water water why is good erosion
i like way i do you have like like like slogan with water and then freezing it
cracking well i i have the ability of creating water it's not my turn but i'm gonna get back
around are you speaking as the character or yes i'm telling me a new thing
uh i can create water i can wash away our trials and tribulations if you created water and then i
did uh ray of frost maybe we could it's not like mr wizard or anything like oh i wish everything was
like mr wizard sorry sponsor uh well sorry seth because it's his turn you know i i kind of want
to hear that level one spell so much that i'm gonna use my loot of of charming uh and attempts to
charm some stuff or things some stuff i mean probably tinder tinder guy it's been so long
since you've played your loot of charming it's quite out of tune and the sounds you make are
rather discordant and not charming uh he's not charmed he's not charmed sorry i rolled a three
so let's put it at Chris de Burgh's turn all right since there's a nice hole in his head
i happen to have a climbing kit with 150 feet of rope so i'm going to use the climbing kit to
climb up him using the hole in his head and hold out my hands hoping to use um some water and
frost oh i mean how would you know about that just play cool just play cool i just you know i
know my teammates so well we're not yeah yeah so so i'm into it i'm holding on i'm holding on waiting
yeah so you climb a stride the beast with your climbing kit and you uh you ready your next action
for the future what's up the baby's turn is right after hers so the baby continues reaching around
in the milky white void and what he finds may disturb you uh oh he he pulls out his arm from
the white portal with a pop except uh he doesn't instead of an arm there is no arm it's completely
melted it's not a vulnerable spot it's a it's a hydrochloric acid it's like the strongest spot on
his body well at least we sent a artificial intelligence to check it out i'm okay just
repair me later all right prospector robot baby oh that makes us feel more guilty r2d2 yeah
something's happening i love being kicked that baby oh the milky white spot we thought it was like
you know oh boy yeah it's super ashamed to have that and he's like no hit me here like yeah please
this is the smell it's everything great it's like a breaking bad when they went through the floor
spoilers spoilers i can't even think of what part of that there's still they're still laying cable
down in portland season one of breaking bad spoilers they're not quite time warner hasn't
come through yet um but i like the sensitivity means you care about each other all right i
like they like they like they like the golden age of television they like storytelling that's what i got
from that you know in the wire in the wire at the uh drug dealers when i use uh create water
i single clap i uh i create water and i say as sustrasia has created life before i shall create
water for your death
oh it's like the cranberries
uh it's too oh it's too oh what does it mean to mean about me that i'm very turned on by you
doing that impression all right yeah so i create water i try i try to create water all right with
Chris de Burgh writing a top father tender and holding his head open you pour your created water directly
into his head void it's too oh it's too oh trickles start to pour out of his mouth and his eyes
she turned on for the stage all right yeah sorry that happens so uh sharpie uh i i i just leave
i'm gonna go look into some real estate you find several great offers but i want to check the water
pressure on every shower head the water pressures are uh optimal oh shit well what i mean is this a
uh i cast no heating units i cast frozen i cast a dvd of frozen uh she's a role model
no women but when she gets empowered she has high heels on the slit skirt uh i i i cast
ray of fraud it's fine also that's a post feminist world you can also be empowered by
looking the way you want in your frozen castle frozen frozen yeah you know she goes like let it
go and she's like i'm letting it go i'm like you're letting it go those shoes look really
uncomfortable you made them but it's that's fine too um i i cast ray of frosts on the uh
on the on the watery water filled head wound this is a globetrotters move we all work together
yeah this is going to be amazing you do those things and you fire off a ray of frost it hits
right in his uh face crack it's called a head no he has a crack in his face all right you hear
the crackling of ice freezing over as uh the void in his head becomes occupied by white ice
so at this point i think it would be uh Chris de Burgh's turn right because you've been holding
your action until this this happens i thought this was what you wanted
don't forget about your nightmare of doing things wrong in front of a group of people
well i've still got arrows for my short bow so i'm going to attempt to just show the attempt
i'm just i'm gonna fucking shove yes of an arrow through that ice all right crack that
fucking rock open awesome that's how they do it on sam and street that's how we roll
all shoving your fucking arrows into his facial cracks the arrows pierced through the ice and
you give an expert twist and the entire rocky head explodes crumbling into fragments
it's a northwest paradise it's the los angeles of the of the of the upper part of uh this day
as a country uh oh it was that that was an ending right i mean we exploded the guy's head
his head explodes music thanks for coming to harvard town xoxo spencer crittenden our
dungeon master and uh comptroller sef who i hope can move on to the next chapter of his life
where that is fucking dumbass friends um mackenna who no matter what you do you will never live on
cooch uh my lovely fiance erin megathy who has taken the bullet of spending the rest of her
life with me and uh and dustin marshall our producer and elizabeth the drinkmaker and all
of you who stayed and the ghosts the the the murdered uh molten steel uh murdered ghosts of
that once occupied this great hall uh looking down on us and saying i helped fight hitler by
making tank parts and now you're doing hipster conferences here but i support you because
this is america uh good good night and have a great rest of your festival
good night everybody